Draft: Scroll driven animation properties and types (#41765)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/timeline-range-name/index.md

---
title: <timeline-range-name>
slug: Web/CSS/timeline-range-name
page-type: css-type
browser-compat: css.types.timeline-range-name
spec-urls: https://drafts.csswg.org/scroll-animations/#typedef-timeline-range-name
sidebar: cssref
---

The **`<timeline-range-name>`** {{glossary("enumerated")}} data type is a CSS identifier representing one of the predefined named timeline ranges inside a [view progress timeline](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_scroll-driven_animations/Timelines).

The `<timeline-range-name>` keyword values are used in the following longhand and shorthand properties:

- {{cssxref("animation-range-end")}}
- {{cssxref("animation-range-start")}}
- {{cssxref("animation-range")}} shorthand

## Syntax

Valid `<timeline-range-name>` values:

- `cover`

>   - : Represents the full range of a view progress timeline, from the point where the subject element's start border edge first starts to enter the scroll port's view progress visibility range (0% progress) to the point where the end border edge has completely left it (100% progress).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Represents the full range of a view progress timeline, from the point where the subject element's start border edge first enters the scroll port's view progress visibility range (`0%` progress) to the point where the end border edge has completely left it (`100%` progress).
```

- `contain`
  - : Represents the range of a view progress timeline where the subject element is fully contained by, or fully contains, the view progress visibility range within the [scrollport](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Scroll_container#scrollport)
    - If the subject element is smaller than the scrollport, it ranges from the point where the subject element is first completely contained by the scroll port (0% progress), to the point where it is no longer completely contained by the scroll port (100% progress).

>     - If the subject element is larger than the scrollport, it ranges from the point where the subject element first completely covers the scroll port (0% progress), to the point where it no longer completely covers the scroll port (100% progress).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the subject element is larger than the scrollport, it ranges from the point where the subject element first completely covers the scroll port (`0%` progress), to the point where it no longer completely covers the scroll port (`100%` progress).
```

- `entry`
  - : Represents the range of a view progress timeline from the point where the subject element first starts to enter the scroll port, to the point where it has completely entered the scroll port. `0%` is equivalent to `0%` of the `cover` range. `100%` is equivalent to `0%` of the `contain` range.

- `exit`

>   - : Represents the range of a view progress timeline from the point where the subject element first starts to exit the scroll port, to the point where it has completely exited the scroll port. `0%` is equivalent to `0%` of the `contain` range. `100%` is equivalent to `0%` of the `cover` range.

Reviewer: Should the second percentage (`0%`) in each case be `100%` here?

> - `entry-crossing`

Reviewer: This description and the next one are really hard to understand. Can you simplify them in any way? What is the principal box? Would diagrams help in understanding these?
